5Find a few CSS cheat sheets. You might use phrases like "quick reference" or "quick guide" as well to round up a few resources. Scan them quickly. What sorts of tasks can you accomplish with CSS?
http://www.lesliefranke.com/files/reference/csscheatsheet.html

Each CSS property has a set of acceptable values. What do the following properties do? What are their acceptable values? (Feel free to experiment with them in JSFiddle.)


CSS properties are like classes. You assign the acceptable value to the properties is like calling a function inside the class. It will do the assigned value function to the section the property is applied to.

text-transform

text-transform property's acceptable value
lowercase: change to all lower case
uppercase: change to all uppercase of the section text content.
capitalize: Change first letter into capital.
none: keep the text as it was typed in the HTML file.
inherit: inherit from parent section's  CSS property.




display (to see this in action, you may need to set the width of your elements to narrower than 100%)

inline :        Default of all elements
inline-block :  block, but sits on a line
block :         make a block of section and div.
none :          Hide
run-in:         not supported by mozilla firefox.

Table group
  table: Force display of the section into a table.
  table-cell: Force display of the section into a table cell.
  table-column: Force display of the section into a table column.
  table-colgroup: Force display of the section into a table colgroup.
  table-header-group: Force display of the section into a table header group.
  table-row-group: Force display of the section into a table row group.
  table-footer-group: Force display of the section into a table footer group.
  table-row: Force display of the section into a table row.
  table-caption: Force display of the section into a table caption.

Flexbox : flex is rendered like a box. It is used when a page needed to be flexible
          to different screen sizes. It obsolete the need of using float and
          its margin does not overlap with its content.
         flex layout is the ability to alter its items' width and/or height to
         best fit in the available space on any display device.
         Positioning child elements is thus much easier, and complex layouts can
         be achieved more simply and with cleaner code, as the display order of the elements is independent of their order in the source code.
        flexbox is usually single-axis oriented
Grid :
      http://www.w3schools.com/css/css_rwd_grid.asp
      https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/complete-guide-grid/
      https://www.w3.org/TR/2016/CR-css-grid-1-20160929/

      grid is 2 axis layout unlike flexbox.


list-style-type
      it is a numbering or bulleting of a list. It can accept value in

      circle
      disc
      square
      armenian
      cjk-ideographic
      decimal
      decimal-leading-zero
      georgian
      hebrew
      hiragana
      hiragana-iroha
      katakana
      katakana-iroha
      lower-alpha
      lower-greek
      lower-latin
      lower-roman
      upper-alpha
      upper-latin
      upper-roman
      none
      inherit



What is the box model?

The CSS Box Model

All HTML elements can be considered as boxes. In CSS, the term "box model" is used when talking about design and layout.
It is explanation of the
Margin , Border, Padding, and content into boxes of smaller sizes to better understand the
layout of the HTML document and CSS styling.
http://www.w3schools.com/css/css_boxmodel.asp


So far, we've been using color names like pink and green, but those options are pretty limited. What other ways are there to declare colors in CSS?

#color numbers
rgb
rgba
hsl
